fix: typos, grammar and link edits on documentation (#56)
witnet/documentation: docs/developer/from-source.md

### Rust 

> `witnet-rust` has been developed using the Rust programming language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`witnet-rust` is being developed using the Rust programming language.
```

Reviewer: :rofl:

Author: I challenge you to a tense dual.
